CALL FOR CONTRIBUTIONS

                    11th International Conference on
  	 Geometric and Topological Methods in Computer Science
                              GETCO 2022

                    30 May to 3 June 2022, France
         http://www.lix.polytechnique.fr/~smimram/getco22/

The Geometric and Topological Methods in Computer Science (GETCO) conference
series focus on applications of algebraic topology in computer science with
special emphasis in concurrency, distributed computing, networking and other
situations related to systems of sequential computers that communicate with each
other.  It is aimed at mathematicians and computer scientists working in or
interested in these subjects, including researchers and graduate students.  The
aim of the conference is to exchange ideas and to initiate or expand research
collaborations.

Special emphasis is on topological methods in Concurrency, Distributed
Computing, Directed algebraic topology, Robotics, Data analysis, Homotopy Type
theory, and Rewriting.

We are calling for presentations of original, unfinished, already published, or
otherwise interesting work within the topics of the GETCO conferences. The
submission can be in the form of a poster, an abstract, a paper submitted to or
published at another conference, etc.

GETCO will have no formal proceedings, but should be followed by a special issue
dedicated to selected papers from the conference.

IMPORTANT DATES

  Submission:    1 June 2020
  Notification:  1 July 2020

INVITED SPEAKERS

TBC

HISTORY

The first GETCO conference was held in Aalborg in 1999. Applications of
algebraic topology in concurrency was a new subject, fostered by seminal papers
such as those by Vaughn Pratt in ACM POPL 1991 and Eric Goubault at CONCUR 1992
and CONCUR 1993, on the formal methods side, and the ACM STOC 1993 papers by
Herlihy-Shavit and Saks-Zaharoglou, on the distributed computing side; brought
to attention in the Workshop on New Connections between Mathematics and Computer
Science, organized by Jeremy Gunawardena in Cambridge in 1995.

The following seven GETCO workshops were held as satellites to CONCUR or DISC,
the main conferences on concurrency and distributed computing. The 2nd was held
at Penn State University, in 2000, then in Aalborg in 2001, Toulouse 2002,
Marseille 2003, Amsterdam 2004, San Francisco 2005, and Bonn 2006.

The 2010 workshop had a broader scope and included further applications of
algebraic topology including robotics and shape analysis. GETCO was back in
Aalborg for its 9th edition in 2015, expanding to topics such as data analysis.
By then, an ESF network ACAT, Applied and Computational Algebraic Topology, had
been established, and two books had been published, Distributed Computing
Through Combinatorial Topology and Directed Algebraic Topology and Concurrency;
some of many indications that applications of algebraic topology to concurrent
systems is now a mature subject, widespread and with impact in many fields.  The
10th edition, which took place in Oaxaca, Mexico in 2018, expanded further to
neuroscience and learning applications.

SUBMISSION INSTRUCTIONS

Please send your contribution to

  getco20-info@lix.polytechnique.fr

by 1 June 2020.

ORGANIZING COMMITTEE

    Uli Fahrenberg, Ecole polytechnique, France
    Lisbeth Fajstrup, Aalborg University, Denmark
    Dmitry Feichtner-Kozlov, University of Bremen, Germany
    Eric Finster, University Paris Diderot, France
    Eric Goubault, Ecole polytechnique, France
    Sergio Rajsbaum, Universidad Nacional Autonoma de Mexico
    Martin Raussen, Aalborg University, Denmark
