---
title: GETCO 2022 -- 12th International Conference on Geometric and Topological Methods in Computer Science
...

<image src="http://www.lix.polytechnique.fr/~uli/getco20/lakeX3.jpg" width="100%"/>

GETCO 2022 will take place in Paris from May 30th to June 3rd 2022.

The Geometric and Topological Methods in Computer Science (GETCO) conference
series focus on applications of algebraic topology in computer science with
special emphasis in _concurrency, distributed computing, networking_ and other
situations related to systems of sequential computers that communicate with each
other. It is aimed at mathematicians and computer scientists working in or
interested in these subjects, including researchers and graduate students. The
aim of the conference is to exchange ideas and to initiate or expand research
collaborations.

Special emphasis will be on topological methods in

- Concurrency
- Distributed Computing
- Directed algebraic topology
- Robotics
- Data analysis
- Homotopy type theory
- Rewriting

## Tutorial Speakers

TBA

## Invited Speakers

TBA

## Publication

A special issue of a journal will be dedicated to selected papers from the
conference.

## History

The first GETCO conference was held in Aalborg in 1999. Applications of
algebraic topology in concurrency was a new subject, fostered by seminal papers
such as those by Vaughn Pratt in [ACM POPL
1991](https://dl.acm.org/citation.cfm?id=99625) and Eric Goubault at [CONCUR
1992](https://link.springer.com/chapter/10.1007%2FBFb0084796) and [CONCUR
1993](https://dl.acm.org/citation.cfm?id=703498), on the formal methods side,
and the ACM STOC 1993 papers by
[Herlihy-Shavit](https://dl.acm.org/citation.cfm?id=167125) and
[Saks-Zaharoglou](https://dl.acm.org/citation.cfm?id=167088.167122), on the
distributed computing side; brought to attention in the [Workshop on New
Connections between Mathematics and Computer
Science](https://pdfs.semanticscholar.org/98f1/52cef40066916dc541a4910c8eceae43c583.pdf),
organized by Jeremy Gunawardena in Cambridge Nov. 1995.

The following seven GETCO workshops were held as satellites to CONCUR or DISC, the main conferences on concurrency and distributed computing. The 2nd was held at Penn State University, in 2000, then in Aalborg in 2001, Toulouse 2002, Marseille 2003, Amsterdam 2004, San Francisco 2005, and Bonn 2006.

The [2010 workshop](http://people.math.aau.dk/~raussen/GETCO/GETCO10/) had a
broader scope and included further applications of algebraic topology including
robotics and shape analysis. GETCO was back in Aalborg for its [9th
edition](http://people.math.aau.dk/~fajstrup/KONFERENCER/GETCO2015/) in 2015,
expanding to topics such as data analysis. By then, an ESF network ACAT, Applied
and Computational Algebraic Topology, had been established, and two books had
been published, [Distributed Computing Through Combinatorial
Topology](https://www.elsevier.com/books/distributed-computing-through-combinatorial-topology/herlihy/978-0-12-404578-1)
and [Directed Algebraic Topology and
Concurrency](https://www.springer.com/gp/book/9783319153971); some of many
indications that applications of algebraic topology to concurrent systems is now
a mature subject, widespread and with impact in many fields. The [10th
edition](https://sites.google.com/view/geometricandtopologicalmethods/home),
which took place in Oaxaca, Mexico in 2018, expanded further to neuroscience and
learning applications.

## Sponsors

TBA

## Contact

TBA
